lost
Xiao Sao, what he said makes sense
Can you explain it?
The hidden dangers mentioned by Mr. Gu
I already thought of that.
And a complete solution has been developed
Up to three years
Flying cars could enter the market
The vice president designs some trade secrets here
I can't print it out.
I can only give you one person.
Good little Song is really talented
I've decided.
100 billion will arrive tomorrow.
Say no more.
I made a decision
Xiao Song, you are very talented
And to show talent
I don't know if you plan to remarry?
If there is any
I have a few girls who have adapted to my family
I can introduce you to
I'm already with Allure
She's my wife.
What a pity!
I really don't want to miss a talent like you
Mr. Gu
This won't affect our cooperation, will it?
Of course not.
How could I be because of personal feelings
We will sign the contract tomorrow
Thank you Mr. Gu
Dad, what's wrong with the little fish?